Pipelines 5989: HTTP Resolver docs (#78408)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-resolver-http.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * create/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc

// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="resolver-http-specify_{context}"]
= Specifying a remote pipeline or task with the HTTP Resolver

When creating a pipeline run or task run, you can specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP or HTTPS URL.

.Prerequisites

* You can optionally configure the service account for the HTTP resolver.

.Procedure

* To specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP URL, use the following reference format in the `pipelineRef` or `taskRef` spec:
+
[source,yaml]
----
# ...
  resolver: http
  params:
  - name: url
    value: <fully_qualified_http_url>

>   - name: serviceAccount

Reviewer: Same, there is no notion of serviceAccount here, see https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/http-resolver.md

    value: <service_account_name> # Optional
# ...
----
+
.Supported parameters for the HTTP Resolver
|===
| Parameter | Description | Example Value 

| `serviceAccount`
| The name of the service account to use when constructing HTTP requests. 
| `default` 

| `url` 
| The HTTP URL pointing to the Tekton resource to fetch. 

> | `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tektoncd/catalog/main/task/git-clone/0.6/git-clone.yaml` 

Reviewer 2: 1. I guess that this is supposed to be and example of accepted value. This way it might be misleading.
2. In the past, we were not allowed to reference random GitHub files.

Reviewer 2: @vdemeester can we link upstream catalog task here? Do we have any better sample from an approved repository? Tutorial comes to my mind

Reviewer: We could link our own `git-clone` task from the redhat ecosystem (https://github.com/openshift-pipelines/tektoncd-catalog/tree/p/tasks/task-git-clone)

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is much better

Reviewer: @buildbricks using https://github.com/openshift-pipelines/tektoncd-catalog/tree/p/tasks/task-git-clone instead works for you ?

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * create/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc

// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="resolver-http-specify_{context}"]
= Specifying a remote pipeline or task with the HTTP Resolver

When creating a pipeline run or task run, you can specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP or HTTPS URL.

.Procedure

> * To specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP URL, use the following format in the `pipelineRef` or `taskRef` spec:

Reviewer 3: Same comment as the other module - if this step is mandatory, I'd remove the "To" at the beginning to simply instruct users directly to take this action:
```suggestion
* Specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP URL, using the following format in the `pipelineRef` or `taskRef` spec:
```

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * create/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc

// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="resolver-http-specify_{context}"]
= Specifying a remote pipeline or task with the HTTP Resolver

When creating a pipeline run or task run, you can specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP or HTTPS URL.

.Prerequisites

* You can optionally configure the service account for the HTTP resolver.

.Procedure

> * To specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP URL, use the following reference format in the `pipelineRef` or `taskRef` spec:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* To specify a remote pipeline or task from an HTTP URL, use the following format in the `pipelineRef` or `taskRef` spec:
```

Reviewer 4: In my opinion, the `Ref` piece is taken care of in the spec, and this sample is just a format in a procedure so calling it a "reference format" seems unnecessary, but take it or leave it :)

+
[source,yaml]
----
# ...
  resolver: http
  params:
  - name: url
    value: <fully_qualified_http_url>
# ...
----
+
.Supported parameters for the HTTP Resolver
|===
| Parameter | Description | Example Value 

| `url` 
| The HTTP URL pointing to the Tekton resource to fetch. 
| `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openshift-pipelines/tektoncd-catalog/p/tasks/task-git-clone/0.4.0/task-git-clone.yaml` 
|===

> 

Reviewer 4: This table should be relocated, either to the introduction of this procedure, or maybe to the top-level concept that precedes this procedure: https://78408--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-pipelines/latest/create/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.html#resolver-http_remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers

Since its a reference item, it doesn't belong in a Procedure. I can appreciate that its not really big enough to feel like it needs its own Reference module, but if you expect it to grow, that's also an option.

+

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer 4: These examples on line 39, 59, 79 could use some more context about their differences, like maybe an `.Example of blah blah blah`

Reviewer 5: Seconding the comment. Please see https://docs.openshift.com/pipelines/1.15/create/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.html#resolver-cluster-specify_remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers for introductions of the examples, modifying them accordingly.
